src/docs/processes/web-design.mdx, before:

---
title: Web Design Checklist
description: Checklist for Partner Websites
---

## Logistics

- [x] &nbsp; Create a folder in Underdog Clients in Google Drive for the client
  - Google Doc with notes
  - Upload photos
  - Upload meeting recording
- [x] &nbsp;Create a channel in Slack with the appropriate parties to communication during the process (eg. `#la-catrina-grill`)
  - `#clients-general` is available for general communication regarding client websites
- [x] &nbsp; Allow 2-3 week turnaround for first draft
- [x] &nbsp; **New as of April 2021**: Work with the client to create a GoDaddy account under their own account
  - Give yourself delegate access

## Preparation

- [x] &nbsp; Review recordings and/or notes
- [x] &nbsp; Review any of the client’s existing social accounts (for persona, wording straight from client, or additional photos)
- [x] &nbsp; Make notes if anything on Facebook or Instagram needs updated such as the website URL
- [x] &nbsp; Determine a coherent “personality” or theme for the design
- [x] &nbsp;_Optional_: Use Figma to design the home page

## Prototype

- [x] &nbsp; Write out a draft of the content prior to creating the website using the client’s keywords
- [x] &nbsp; Create a new website on GoDaddy with a preliminary domain name (eg. name.godaddysites.com)
- [x] &nbsp; Select a template that is closest to the client’s business (eg. Wing Shop)
- [x] &nbsp; Add standard pages (and additional pages indicated by client)
  - Home
  - Menu
  - About Us
  - Contact
  - #IAMTUF
    - Add TUF Logo
    - _Client Name is a proud supporter of The Underdog Family - a 501(c)(3) non-profit specializing in providing professional resources to locally owned businesses in the Denver Community. _
    - “Learn More” button linked to www.theunderdogfoundation.org
- [x] &nbsp; Update the theme layout
- [x] &nbsp; Select the fonts
- [x] &nbsp; Select the theme color

## Photos

- [x] &nbsp; Adjust photos in Photoshop as necessary (such as color levels and cropping)
- [x] &nbsp; **RESIZE** photos to an appropriate size (no larger than about 1200px)
- [x] &nbsp; Upload photos to a folder in GoDaddy (or to the website as needed)
- [x] &nbsp; Replicate higher quality of logo in Illustrator (if possible, if needed)
- [x] &nbsp; Add alt text to ALL images

## Content

- [x] &nbsp; Pick layouts to populate the content
- [x] &nbsp; Do not leave default/generic GoDaddy content
- [x] &nbsp; Write About Us to tell the client’s story

## Miscellaneous

- [x] &nbsp; Remove the GoDaddy link from the Footer
- [x] &nbsp; Add the Address or Phone number or useful info to the footer
- [x] &nbsp; Do not include the “Messaging” pop-up or contact forms unless confident the client plans on monitoring it
- [x] &nbsp; Do not include a What’sApp button
- [x] &nbsp; Add a banner indicating COVID restrictions or takeout options (eg. "Yes, we are open! Hours reflect current COVID adjustments")
- [x] &nbsp; All menu items need prices (and descriptions where possible)
- [x] &nbsp;Add a favicon to the site (adjust size of logo to 150x150)
- [x] &nbsp; Include business hours

## Testing

- [x] &nbsp; Ensure all Action buttons and links go to the appropriate places
- [x] &nbsp; Ensure everything looks good on mobile
- [x] &nbsp; Test the contact form with the client to make sure they receive contact form submissions

## SEO

- [x] &nbsp; Select at least one keyword and ensure it’s on all pages
- [x] &nbsp; Add Alt text to ALL images
- [x] &nbsp; Fill out “Basic Information” in the settings
- [x] &nbsp; Ensure all images are resized appropriately

## Supplemental Content

- [x] &nbsp; Prepare Blog post for website launch on TUF website
- [x] &nbsp; Prepare IG content

Commit message:

add instructions to log into godaddy

src/docs/processes/web-design.mdx, after:

---
title: Web Design Checklist
description: Checklist for Partner Websites
---

## Logistics

- [x] &nbsp; Create a folder in Underdog Clients in Google Drive for the client
  - Google Doc with notes
  - Upload photos
  - Upload meeting recording
- [x] &nbsp;Create a channel in Slack with the appropriate parties to communication during the process (eg. `#la-catrina-grill`)
  - `#clients-general` is available for general communication regarding client websites
- [x] &nbsp; Allow 2-3 week turnaround for first draft
- [x] &nbsp; **New as of April 2021**: Work with the client to create a GoDaddy account under their own account
  - Give yourself delegate access

## Preparation

- [x] &nbsp; Review recordings and/or notes
- [x] &nbsp; Review any of the client’s existing social accounts (for persona, wording straight from client, or additional photos)
- [x] &nbsp; Make notes if anything on Facebook or Instagram needs updated such as the website URL
- [x] &nbsp; Determine a coherent “personality” or theme for the design
- [x] &nbsp; _Optional_: Use Figma to design the home page

## Log in to GoDaddy Website Builder

- [x] &nbsp; Create a free account on Godaddy: [Create an account](https://sso.godaddy.com/account/create)
- [x] &nbsp; Obtain _Delegate Access_ to Chin's account from TUF admin.
- [x] &nbsp; To access the TUF account, visit [Delegate Access](https://account.godaddy.com/access) and choose Chin.
- [x] &nbsp; Select your site from [My Products](https://account.godaddy.com/products).

## Prototype

- [x] &nbsp; Write out a draft of the content prior to creating the website using the client’s keywords
- [x] &nbsp; Create a new website on GoDaddy with a preliminary domain name (eg. name.godaddysites.com)
- [x] &nbsp; Select a template that is closest to the client’s business (eg. Wing Shop)
- [x] &nbsp; Add standard pages (and additional pages indicated by client)
  - Home
  - Menu
  - About Us
  - Contact
  - #IAMTUF
    - Add TUF Logo
    - _Client Name is a proud supporter of The Underdog Family - a 501(c)(3) non-profit specializing in providing professional resources to locally owned businesses in the Denver Community. _
    - “Learn More” button linked to www.theunderdogfoundation.org
- [x] &nbsp; Update the theme layout
- [x] &nbsp; Select the fonts
- [x] &nbsp; Select the theme color

## Photos

- [x] &nbsp; Adjust photos in Photoshop as necessary (such as color levels and cropping)
- [x] &nbsp; **RESIZE** photos to an appropriate size (no larger than about 1200px)
- [x] &nbsp; Upload photos to a folder in GoDaddy (or to the website as needed)
- [x] &nbsp; Replicate higher quality of logo in Illustrator (if possible, if needed)
- [x] &nbsp; Add alt text to ALL images

## Content

- [x] &nbsp; Pick layouts to populate the content
- [x] &nbsp; Do not leave default/generic GoDaddy content
- [x] &nbsp; Write About Us to tell the client’s story

## Miscellaneous

- [x] &nbsp; Remove the GoDaddy link from the Footer
- [x] &nbsp; Add the Address or Phone number or useful info to the footer
- [x] &nbsp; Do not include the “Messaging” pop-up or contact forms unless confident the client plans on monitoring it
- [x] &nbsp; Do not include a What’sApp button
- [x] &nbsp; Add a banner indicating COVID restrictions or takeout options (eg. "Yes, we are open! Hours reflect current COVID adjustments")
- [x] &nbsp; All menu items need prices (and descriptions where possible)
- [x] &nbsp;Add a favicon to the site (adjust size of logo to 150x150)
- [x] &nbsp; Include business hours

## Testing

- [x] &nbsp; Ensure all Action buttons and links go to the appropriate places
- [x] &nbsp; Ensure everything looks good on mobile
- [x] &nbsp; Test the contact form with the client to make sure they receive contact form submissions

## SEO

- [x] &nbsp; Select at least one keyword and ensure it’s on all pages
- [x] &nbsp; Add Alt text to ALL images
- [x] &nbsp; Fill out “Basic Information” in the settings
- [x] &nbsp; Ensure all images are resized appropriately

## Supplemental Content

- [x] &nbsp; Prepare Blog post for website launch on TUF website
- [x] &nbsp; Prepare IG content
